---
title: 2020-01-31
parent: Week Notes
---
# BC Common Components (CoCo) Weeknote 3:
> ## 2020-01-31
___

This is the third post in a series of weeknotes recapping what the BC Common Components (we’ve taken to calling it “CoCo”) team has done this week and what we plan to accomplish next week. All previous weeknotes are saved here. There’s also now a CoCo mission control dashboard you can track [here](https://trello.com/b/vqqXYk3l/common-components-mission-control).

## Done
- Draft of the Common Components wiki site complete and submitted for approval.
- Detailed planning for our first mission - boilerplates.
- Met with the Justice Sector ISB team that led a service design project that explored the developer experience in government. This work will be extremely informative for our team.
- Started our first official two-week sprint. Our focus is conducting user research and developing the first iteration of our first product, which we’re calling “Launchpad”. We envision that Launchpad will be a family of simple, OpenShift compatible boilerplate applications. Our first sprint will see us building a lightweight frontend, API and database, then releasing it for feedback from the community to help us learn what they look for in common components.
- Met with the CGI team on Monday morning to talk about cross-gov’t patterns and areas for potential common components - result: next bets shortlisted, see below.
- Successfully setup on the BC Government’s OpenShift platform.
- Continued user research and interviews.


## Doing Next
- Continuing user research with several lab teams.
- Continued development of Launchpad
- OpenShift training for the development team
- Bringing shaping groups together mid week to compare notes on parallel shaping work as shortlisted above. The bets include:
  - Improving the developer site
  - Identity Management
  - Secure File Delivery
  - Address validation
  - UI Elements
  - Boilerplate Final State
- Stand up the project wiki, which will be hosted on Github pages

Thanks,

Michael and JP.
