---
title: 2020-03-06
parent: Week Notes
---
# BC Common Components (CoCo) Weeknote 8
> ## 2020-03-06
___

This is a weekly post recapping what the BC Common Components “CoCo” team has done this week and what we plan to accomplish next week. The CoCo mission control dashboard is [here](https://trello.com/b/vqqXYk3l/common-components-mission-control).
 
## Done
- Held a short design sprint with the entire team to crowdsource ideas for the CoCo library. A few highlights:
  - One of our teammates built and deployed an application...in 70 minutes...to show us what he had in mind. He won the prize for effort.
  - Everyone else designed some really interesting features. We aggregated the most thoughtful features into a fat market sketch to present to the betting table. 
  - Next up, we’ll add some fidelity to these and test them out with the lab community to get feedback on features and user flows.
- Continued work on our next sprint goals of getting uptake on LaunchPad and designing the common component library.
- Supported the cross-government offline disconnected mobile component hackathon.
- Met with the wildfire team to see whether we could help accelerate their development with launchpad. They provided detailed feedback, which we’re working hard to address in the hopes of getting uptake from them on Launchpad.
- Held our second betting table meeting. After great discussion, we decided on the next set of priorities (starting next sprint):
  1. Establish a common components library as part of a broader [design and delivery system](https://www.digital.nsw.gov.au/article/weve-released-first-digital-design-system-nsw-government) at [digital.gov.bc.ca](http://digital.gov.bc.ca/).
  1. Test out the Canadian Digital Service’s Notify Platform (consuming it as a service) by creating an account and creating a way to notify teams using BC’s on-premise PaaS if the platform goes down.
  1. In addition to these bets, the program team will start working on a white paper and staffing plan to map out a service model for maturing, operating and maintaining common components in production environments. 
- We’ll also continue marketing Launchpad to get uptake, but will avoid any new non-critical development work after our current sprint ends next week.

## Doing Next
- Continue working closely with the Wildfire team to get Launchpad to a point where they’d be comfortable onboarding to it.
- Continue aggregating our user research for our project wiki.
- Get feedback on our low-fidelity designs from the lab community.
- Dig deeply into the intake, staffing, security, privacy, service level, and support requirements needed to produce and maintain a common component in widespread production use. 
- Hold our Sprint Review meeting.
