---
title: 2020-03-29
parent: Week Notes
---
# BC Common Components (CoCo) Weeknote 11
> ## 2020-03-29
___

This is a weekly post recapping what the BC Common Components “CoCo” team has done this week and what we plan to accomplish next week. The CoCo mission control dashboard is [here](https://trello.com/b/vqqXYk3l/common-components-mission-control).

This weeknote is a bit shorter than usual as our team has been seconded to provide surge support to the Ministry of Health and BC211 to support the Province's COVID-19 response.
 
## Done
- Finished our fourth sprint focused on building a minimum-viable Common Components Catalogue to make it easier for teams across government to find, onboard to and use common components. 
- Planned our fifth sprint, focused on improving the user experience of the Common Components Catalogue and testing out [Canada’s Notify platform](https://notification.alpha.canada.ca/) to send status notifications to OpenShift users during platform outages.
- On Friday and over the weekend, we got seconded to support the Ministry of Health and BC211 after bc211.ca went down following a Ministerial announcement. We built a ["bomb-proof" landing page](http://bc211.ca/) to divert web traffic away from BC211's fragile main site and made some minor improvements to the main site. So far our efforts are working - we're keeping about 73% of traffic away from the main site and have radically improved search engine optimization and page speed.

## Doing Next
- Continuing to monitor and support BC211 subject to direction from the Province about our priorities.
- When we're done with BC211, we'll shift back into our regular scheduled sprint programming. We expect our sprint will be affected by this new priority, but we'd love to demo what we did for BC211 at Sprint Review.