---
title: 2020-02-07
parent: Week Notes
---
# BC Common Components (CoCo) Weeknote 4:
> ## 2020-02-07
___

This is the fourth post in a series of weeknotes recapping what the BC Common Components (we’ve taken to calling it “CoCo”) team has done this week and what we plan to accomplish next week. All previous weeknotes are saved here. There’s also now a CoCo mission control dashboard you can track [here](https://trello.com/b/vqqXYk3l/common-components-mission-control).

## Done
- Performed user research with several lab teams including Invasive Species, Health Gateway teams.
- Attended sprint review of the BC Services Card Team and part of the Document Management System workshop led by the Common Services Showcase Team.
- Continued the development of Launchpad.
- The development team attended the Exchange Lab’s OpenShift training.
- Shaped and researched several potential bets, including:
  - Address Validation
  - Boilerplate 2nd Iteration
  - Identity Management
  - Secure File Transfer
  - Service Offering & Consumption Process
  - UI Library
  - DevHub Improvements
- Shortlisted bets in priority order are:
  1. Boilerplate “Launchpad” 2nd Iteration
  1. Common components registry (potential DevHub improvements)
  1. Service offering, consumption and community engagement model
 
## Doing Next
- Finalizing and launch the project wiki.
- Continue developing Launchpad.
- Continue user research interviews with digital teams.
- Sprint review session for Sprint 1.
- Plan Sprint 2.
- Firm up the shortlisted bets.

Thanks,

Michael and JP.
