---
title: 2020-02-14
parent: Week Notes
---
# BC Common Components (CoCo) Weeknote 5:
> ## 2020-02-14
___

This is the fifth post in a series of weeknotes recapping what the BC Common Components (we’ve taken to calling it “CoCo”) team has done this week and what we plan to accomplish next week. All previous weeknotes are saved here. There’s also now a CoCo mission control dashboard you can track [here](https://trello.com/b/vqqXYk3l/common-components-mission-control).
 
## Done
- Held sprint planning and started sprint 2 with new sprint goals:
  1. Make OpenShift Launchpad into something others can consume.
  1. Distill our discovery findings into something shareable and actionable.
- Continued with shaping of shortlisted bets:
  1. Boilerplate “Launchpad” next iteration
  1. Common Components Library/Registry
  1. Service Offering & Consumption Process
- Continued development of Launchpad
- Held sprint review with an open invitation at the DevExchange ← well attended with constructive and actionable feedback. What used to take groups months in the past was wrapped into Launchpad in one sprint; should take new teams a day or so to do what used to take weeks.
- Ruled out Address Validation as a possible CoCo initiative; BC Geocoder provides much of this already. Address Validation may come back on the table but the priority is low.
           
## Doing Next
- Finalize and launch the project wiki
- Identity first onboarding project team that will use Launchpad; observe use and incorporate identified improvements
- Finalize the shaping of:
  - Boilerplate “Launchpad” 3rd Iteration
  - Common Components Library
  - Service Offering & Consumption Process
- Continue shaping:
  - Identity Management
  - Secure File Transfer
  - UI Library
- New initiative to research and shape hit the table this week. Offline Mapping: provide program areas the ability to sync a map with BC Gov map data, go offline, add mapping data (boundaries of floods, crop hail damage areas, extent of invasive species infestations, active fire locations and paths, etc…), go back online and sync to BC gov map data
 
Thanks,

Michael and JP.

