---
title: 2020-03-20
parent: Week Notes
---
# BC Common Components (CoCo) Weeknote 10
> ## 2020-03-20
___

This is a weekly post recapping what the BC Common Components “CoCo” team has done this week and what we plan to accomplish next week. The CoCo mission control dashboard is [here](https://trello.com/b/vqqXYk3l/common-components-mission-control).
 
## Done
- Reviewed and amended our team agreement to reflect our reality of working remotely. So far the processes and protocols we’ve put in place have worked well, though as always we’ll be sure to revisit them in next week’s retrospective.
- Loaded all previous sprint information to the project wiki. [You can see it all here.](https://bcgov.github.io/common-components-wiki/progress-and-results)
- Gathered key information for the Common Components library. Where needed we also reached out the owners of these components to populate missing information.
- Iteratively designing and building the first version of the Common Components library, which we’ll demo at Sprint Review next week. We built the library using [Launchpad](https://github.com/bcgov/openshift-launchpad) to speed up delivery.
- Continued working with the Wildfire Predictive Services team to drive uptake for Launchpad.
- Began shaping how we’ll use [Canada’s Notify service](https://notification.alpha.canada.ca/) to provide notifications to users when BC’s on-premise Platform as a Service experiences service disruptions.

## Doing Next
- Finalize the first version of the Common Components Library.
- Demo and gather community feedback on the Common Components Library at next week’s Sprint Review meeting.
- Finalize shaping for the Notify use case mentioned above.
- Plan and begin our next sprint.
