---
title: 2020-03-13
parent: Week Notes
---
# BC Common Components (CoCo) Weeknote 9
> ## 2020-03-13
___

This is a weekly post recapping what the BC Common Components “CoCo” team has done this week and what we plan to accomplish next week. The CoCo mission control dashboard is [here](https://trello.com/b/vqqXYk3l/common-components-mission-control).
 
## Done
- Continued collaboration with the Wildfire team. Both teams have decided to cap the amount of points they're spending in their respective sprints working with each other. This way we ensure we are working with each other and also maintaining focus on our respective sprints.
- Held our sprint review meeting ([click here for a link to our presentation](https://drive.google.com/a/freshworks.io/file/d/1XZkajqM1upuao5UWozlJt5ChQHioHFWf/view?usp=sharing)). Attendance from other teams was strong with representatives from the Invasive Species, Wildfire and Common Services Showcase teams along with other attendees.
- Backlog refinement and sprint planning where the focus was on the common components library. The primary goal for the sprint is to deploy an unstyled first cut of the common components library.
- Attended the Common Services Showcase lunch and share.

## Doing Next
- Review and amend our team agreement. With the uncertainty surrounding the coronavirus COVID-19, we want to be prepared to have the right protocols in place to ensure the safety and well being of our team members.
- Gather key information for the list of common components. We have a preliminary list going and we will be reaching out to the owners/maintainers for more information about key stats, SLAs etc.
- Distilling learnings from [Launchpad](https://github.com/bcgov/openshift-launchpad). This is our secondary sprint goal. With the comments received from our public PR on Launchpad and our collaboration activities with the Wildfire team, there is much that we have experienced. We will be taking the time to analyze the results of what we have experienced to draw out some meaningful conclusions that will inform future choices.
