---
title: 2020-05-08
parent: Week Notes
---
# BC Common Components (CoCo) Weeknote 17
> ## 2020-05-08
___

This is a weekly post recapping what the BC Common Components “CoCo” team has done this week and what we plan to accomplish next week.

This week's note continues to focus on our work under the province's COVID-19 response.

## Done
- Completed the database migration on the [Enhanced Travel Screening](https://www.travelscreening.gov.bc.ca/) service. 
  - The new database (DocumentDB) supports more robust querying abilities while allowing us to continue to take advantage of a NoSQL database.
- Completed full form versioning for the [Farm Operator Screening](https://farmoperatorscreening.gov.bc.ca/) application. 
  - Last week, we took the first step towards this by capturing versions on the back-end. 
  - With this change, records of past submissions by the Farm Operators will match those being reviewed by the inspectors from the Ministry of Agriculture. 
- Continued discussions with the Public Health Agency of Canada (PHAC) regarding integrating with the federal service.
  - We learnt that PHAC is considering a two step approach to this process.
  - To begin with, we will create an API on our system so that PHAC can push data to us.
  - In the long term, PHAC intends to have us pull data from their system.
- Participated in a discussion organized by the platform services team about migrating the ETS and FOS applications within or away from AWS.

## Doing Next
- Continue to work with PHAC to get the integration set up and scope out how this data will be sent to Service BC.
- Begin moving towards zero downtime deployments.
  - This week we had to wait for a midnight window to complete the database migration.
  - Moving to zero downtime will allow us the flexibility and assurances to move towards a continuous delivery model.