---
title: 2020-04-03
parent: Week Notes
---
# BC Common Components (CoCo) Weeknote 12
> ## 2020-04-03
___

This is a weekly post recapping what the BC Common Components “CoCo” team has done this week and what we plan to accomplish next week. The CoCo mission control dashboard is [here](https://trello.com/b/vqqXYk3l/common-components-mission-control).

This week we once again were quite focused on helping the Province's BC211 Response, so we didn't get to spend as much time as planned on Common Components.
 
## Done
- We landed our first user (aside from us) for Launchpad this week while we were busy supporting BC's COVID-19 response. The Wildfire Predictive Services team have happily taken up the [Launchpad pipeline](https://github.com/bcgov/openshift-launchpad-deployment). We measure ourselves objectively by usage and uptake, so landing our first user is a big win for our team.
- Our strategy to protect the BC211 website with a new, ["bomb-proof" landing page](http://bc211.ca/) has been successful so far. The new landing page we created diverts 70%+ of traffic away from the fragile old site and helps people easily register for a [new senior's program announced last week](https://news.gov.bc.ca/releases/2020HLTH0109-000570) by the Ministry of Health. We've also made some performance improvements to BC211's main site.
- Provided daily analytics reports to the Ministry of Health and BC211 to help map the correlation between marketing and ministerial announcements and web traffic. 
- Wrote a recommendations report for bc211.ca for decision from the Ministry of Health.
- We're working to set up a web chat service for a new TELUS call center that was implemented for BC211 this week. We expect to implement the chat feature next week once we get through some technical issues with TELUS.
- In the meantime, we've done some design work to improve the user experience of the common components library and started a proof of concept implementation of [Canada’s Notify platform](https://notification.alpha.canada.ca/).

## Doing Next
- Monitor the BC211 site and prepare to act if it goes down again.
- Implement the new BC211 chat service (connected to the new TELUS call center).
- Re-focus on our sprint goals and decide how we can achieve an increment of value on both the Common Components Library and the Notify Platform pilot.
- Host our sprint review, where we'll demonstrate what we achieved this sprint (both sprint goals and BC211).