---
title: 2020-02-23
parent: Week Notes
---
# BC Common Components (CoCo) Weeknote 6:
> ## 2020-02-23
___

This is the sixth post in a series of weeknotes recapping what the BC Common Components (we’ve taken to calling it “CoCo”) team has done this week and what we plan to accomplish next week. All previous weeknotes are saved here. There’s also now a CoCo mission control dashboard you can track [here](https://trello.com/b/vqqXYk3l/common-components-mission-control).
 
## Done
- Continued working on our second sprint, with the two following goals: 
  1. Make OpenShift Launchpad into something others can consume.
  1. Distill our discovery findings into something shareable and actionable.
- Continued with shaping of shortlisted bets:
  1. Boilerplate “Launchpad” next iteration
  1. Common Components Library/Registry
- Learned that the NR Common Services team have a simple Vue/Node boilerplate application that they plan to contribute to Launchpad. This is awesome - developer engagement and contributions are important ways to track awareness and how well we’re marketing our work. 
- Met with the GDX team to plan how we’ll collaborate to build out the next digital[]().gov.bc.ca. We expect this site will be where the common components library will live.
- Researched app stores, marketplaces and cloud platforms to help inform the conceptual design of a common components library.
- Launched our [project wiki](https://bcgov.github.io/common-components-wiki) (note - still a few rough edges and missing content). We’ll soon start publishing our weeknotes in the open here.
           
## Doing Next
- Wrap up Sprint 2 with a sprint review.  We expect to focus much of the time at Wednesday’s review presenting findings from our user research and discovery phase.
- Figure out how to fold the NR Common Services team’s boilerplate app into Launchpad.
- Begin early design work on the common components library in partnership with GDX.
- Research and shape an offline mapping component in advance of a hackathon we’re co-hosting in early March with a few other lab teams who need this component.
- Prepare and schedule a next betting table meeting. 
- Finalize the shaping of:
  - Boilerplate “Launchpad” 3rd Iteration
  - Common Components Library
  - Service Offering & Consumption Process.
- Kick off Sprint 3.