---
title: 2020-05-02
parent: Week Notes
---
# BC Common Components (CoCo) Weeknote 16
> ## 2020-05-02
___

This is a weekly post recapping what the BC Common Components “CoCo” team has done this week and what we plan to accomplish next week. 

This week's note continues on the same theme as the last few as we continue to work on various products under the province's COVID-19 response.

## Done
- Took the first step towards form versioning on the [Farm Operator Screening](https://farmoperatorscreening.gov.bc.ca/) app. 
  - Earlier this week we received a request to update the form with changes to copy.
  - This meant that we needed to support two different versions of the form.
  - Since full versioning can be tricky, we started with the simplest approach which allowed us to associate a submission with a version in the backend.
- Began preliminary discussions with the Public Health Agency of Canada (PHAC) regarding integrating with the federal service.
  - PHAC collects information about travellers coming into Canada and BC from all across the country.
  - This includes travellers coming into BC via other provinces.
  - PHAC intends to have data sharing agreements in place with other provinces including BC which will eventually shape this integration.
- Made some minor copy changes to [BC211](http://bc211.ca/).  
- Conducted a sprint review where we went over all the work we have done over the last few weeks.

## Doing Next
- Complete the database migration for the [enhanced travel screening service](https://www.travelscreening.gov.bc.ca/). This was planned for the current week, but could not be completed.
- Implement full form versioning for the Farm Operator Screening app.
- Continue conversations with PHAC and Service BC to further scope out an integration with PHAC.